# Gym-Centre-Database-System
## Project Scope
Within this system, the person in charge can manage trainers' records, members, schedules, and payments well. The scope of this project will involve professional and experienced gym trainers, the people who are interested in joining workouts and being a member of our gym centre, training schedule,  systematic and effective payment procedure. Besides, it allows the management team to arrange the training schedule easily as they can see every trainer’s timetables at once. Therefore, it can avoid time clashes if the members make sudden changes to their schedule and optimise the allocation of the member across the trainer. This database system also helps us store all the trainers' and members' profiles neatly. Hence, we can contact them easily if anything happens and keep track of their progress. Furthermore, the system enables us to record the members’ payments and receipts well so we can keep track of it easily. This database system can also help us manage the salary of the trainers and adjust their salary according to their performance.

## Motivation
Our motivation is to set up a high-performance database management system to facilitate the efficient, cost-effective, and simple administration of the gym centre's information. We also wish that our database management system can ensure the security and integrity of data at a top standard so that our users can have a high level of satisfaction and be more reliant on our system. In addition, the database management system needs to be easily accessed via the internet no matter where you are so that users won't be restricted to access the data only at the gym centre, especially for the admin.
